# Flask-React Application with Docker Compose

## Description

This project is a web application with a Flask server-side and React client-side, utilizing Docker Compose for containerization and orchestration. The "compose" branch focuses on deploying the application using a Docker Compose configuration.

The Flask server logs requests and returns a JSON response on receiving a GET request at the '/api/message' endpoint. The React client fetches and displays this message.

The main objective of this branch is to provide a simplified deployment option using Docker Compose, allowing you to run and manage the application's containers locally quickly.

## Technologies

- Backend: Flask
- Frontend: ReactJS
- Containerization: Docker
- Orchestration: Docker Compose

## Installation & Setup

**Prerequisites:**
Ensure you have the following installed on your local development machine:

- Git
- Docker
- Docker Compose

# Start the Application:

`docker-compose up -d --build`

This command will build the necessary Docker images and deploy the Flask server and React client containers. The application will be accessible at http://localhost:5000.

# Access Server Logs:
To view the logs generated by the Flask server, use the following command:

docker-compose logs server

# Usage
The application serves a single API endpoint (/api/message), which returns a JSON response. The React client fetches and displays this message. After starting the application using Docker Compose, open your web browser and visit `http://localhost:5000` or `http://127.0.0.17:5000/api/message` to view the application.
